Will installing a new OS version improve my battery life?
Should I keep updating my OS version to improve my battery life?
Does temperature impact battery life?
What is the minimum temperature for keeping battery?
Does charging my iphone in hot temperature impact my battery?
Does charging my ipad in hot temperature impact my battery?
Does charging my smartphone in hot temperature impact my battery?
Does a case on my iphone impact battery charge?
What are the battery amount to store my device for multiple months?
What are the phone features that impact the most the battery life?
Does Auto-Brightness adjustment will help my battery?
Does Wi-Fi impact my battery?
Is using video impact my battery?
What is battery life?
What is battery lifespan?
Does fully discharging the battery will help to improve long term battery life?
I just bought rechargeable the batteries. What do I need to do before first using them?
How many time can I charge my device before the battery will not work?
Do I need to charge my phone when I first get it?
Does battery life get worse over time?
What can be done to just reduce how much power the phone is using?
Does turning off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth improve battery life? 
Does being on airplane mode improve battery life?
Should I wait until my phone battery has gone well down before recharging it?
can I charge my battery often?
Does push notifications for email, Twitter and Facebook drain battery?
Does closing background tasks help improve battery?
Does GPS drain battery?
Does location drain battery?
Does leaving my smartphone charging damage the battery?Does battery life get worse over time?
Does lithium-ion batteries need to be fully discharged and charged?
Can I keep my device plugged in all the time?Is there a limited life for my battery?
Does partially charging and discharging the battery help?
Does poor wireless signal impact my battery?
Does 4G consume more battery?
What is the high temperature limit which can damage my battery?
How does a lithium-ion battery work?
What determines the capacity of the battery?
HOW DOES A LITHIUM-ION BATTERY RECHARGE?
Is it dangerous to overcharge?
What is the battery type in modern device?
Does using memory effect adapted for my smartphone?
What is the memory effect?
Does battery die?
What does depth of discharge mean?
What is the recommendation to when to recharge the battery?
Is it fine to keep my device plugged?
How a battery can explode?
Can I use quick charger to load my device?
What should I do to store my device for long term?
